docs(dotnet): Document Serilog per-sink minimum level options (#18740)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/dotnet/guides/serilog/index.mdx

```csharp
Log.Logger = new LoggerConfiguration()
  // Debug and higher are written to the file
  .MinimumLevel.Debug()
  .WriteTo.File("app.log")
  .WriteTo.Sentry(o =>
  {
    // Only Warning and higher reach the Sentry sink
    o.RestrictedToMinimumLevel = LogEventLevel.Warning;
    o.MinimumEventLevel = LogEventLevel.Error;
  })
  .CreateLogger();
```

```json {filename:appsettings.json}
{
  "Serilog": {
    "Using": [ "Sentry.Serilog" ],
    "MinimumLevel": {
      "Default": "Debug"
    },
    "WriteTo": [
      {
        "Name": "Sentry",
        "Args": {
          "minimumEventLevel": "Error",
          "restrictedToMinimumLevel": "Warning"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

To change the sink's minimum level at runtime, set the `LevelSwitch` option to a [LoggingLevelSwitch](https://github.com/serilog/serilog/wiki/Configuration-Basics#dynamic-levels) instead.

<Alert>

Setting the per-sink minimum level in code requires Sentry.Serilog version 6.8.0 or later. In earlier versions, it can only be set via `appsettings.json`.

</Alert>

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

Whether or not this integration should initialize the SDK. If you intend to call `SentrySdk.Init` yourself you should set this flag to `false`.

#### RestrictedToMinimumLevel

> A `LogEventLevel` which indicates the minimum level a log event has to be processed by the sink at all. By default this value is `Verbose`, meaning no log events are filtered out. Ignored when `LevelSwitch` is set.

Author: ```suggestion
`MinimumBreadcrumbLevel` and `MinimumEventLevel` determine what the sink does with a log event, but every log event the logger captures still reaches the sink. If your logger's minimum level is verbose — for example, because another sink writes debug logs to a file — you can use Serilog's [per-sink minimum level](https://github.com/serilog/serilog/wiki/Configuration-Basics#overriding-per-sink) to stop lower-level log events from reaching Sentry entirely.

By default this value is `Verbose`, meaning no log events are filtered out. Ignored when `LevelSwitch` is set.

<Alert level="warning" title="Note">

This also controls which log entries are sent to Sentry as [structured logs](logs/)

</Alert>
```
